title: Weeknotes 30/09/2018 - Week 4
link: http://www.adendavies.com/weeknotes-30-09-2018-week-4/
author: aden_76
description: 
post_id: 48730
created: 2018/09/30 20:16:26
created_gmt: 2018/09/30 19:16:26
comment_status: open
post_name: weeknotes-30-09-2018-week-4
status: publish
post_type: post

# Weeknotes 30/09/2018 - Week 4

My exercise and diet regime is going pretty well. Managed to run 5k for the first time since starting. Managed to exercise four days on the trot at 6.30am before work and the kids getting up. Two runs, two kettle bell sessions. Lost 10lbs in 3 weeks. I have also not had any alcohol for 3 weeks. That ended on Friday with a few lovely beers at the wagon and horses (Buxton's Salt Edge a massive IPA being a particular highlight). Then went a fantastic Wedding on Saturday at Kelham Island Museum. Lots of embarrassing Dad dancing, myself being the most embarrassing. Finished watching Bodyguard. Last episode really let it down. Started watching Killing Eve, two episodes in and very promising. Finished reading On Writing by Stephen King which I really enjoyed. Started reading Record of a Space Born Few by Becky Chambers. Loved her first two books so high hopes for this one. Work wise a few big projects are nearing completion which will make space for some more good things to get built. We had a great show and tell to demo some new work. Show and tells not the norm yet but we are getting there and we have another one next week too, always great to hear from different voices in the company about their work. We had a day of usabilty testing on Wednesday. Fantastic watching people use our new interfaces. So revealing and quite draining. A big piece of design around payments was very well received which I was really happy about. I was especially pleased for the person who designed it as she has done something quite different and I am so glad it has worked out. We found a few dead ends that we had missed and they will be getting unblocked next week. First weeknote I have done fully on my phone. Written and published in just 15 mins. No excuse for not writing stuff at all. Must do more.