title: Weeknotes 30/12/2018 - Week 17
link: http://www.adendavies.com/weeknotes-30-12-2018-week-17/
author: aden_76
description: 
post_id: 49419
created: 2018/12/30 21:59:28
created_gmt: 2018/12/30 21:59:28
comment_status: open
post_name: weeknotes-30-12-2018-week-17
status: publish
post_type: post

# Weeknotes 30/12/2018 - Week 17

Last full week of 2018. Only one day in work on Xmas Eve. A slow, quiet day with only half the office in attendance. Had a bit of a think about what needs to be achieved next year and more so where we need to improve around product delivery. 

Christmas Eve Evening spent in the pub with friends and their kids. 6 boys all sat quietly on iPads is bliss for adults in pubs. Then back home for a bit of Santa preparation. 

Christmas Day we spent alone as a family for the first time ever. Presents opened, breakfast then a walk to the park. A couple of drinks in the pub then home for dinner and a lazy day. Lovely. 

Boxing Day we hosted Bev's parents, Sister and her two kids. Buffet style lunch, afternoon games, a trip to the pub for the Dad's to watch some football and see some other Dad's. Back (just) in time for buffet style tea. 

28th Was a vist to see my parents, Sister and her three kids. A day trip to Tew kesbury and back. More family, more food, more kids enjoying themselves (and getting more presents). 

29th a night out with the boys. Annual tradition of getting together between Xmas and New Year. Watched Liverpool thrash Arsenal then headed to Kelham Island for too many drinks. 

Now the week is nearly over. Watching The Sisters Brothers, which I read the book of just a few weeks ago. Pretty good although quite different from the book which I am a little confused about. Joaquin Phoenix and John C. Reilly excellent as the eponymous brothers. 

Going to do a little end of year write up tomorrow too. Maybe some resolutions or more like some plans for the year ahead. Run more, read more, write more, be a better dad, that kind of thing.