title: Weeknotes 06/01/2019 - Week 18
link: http://www.adendavies.com/weeknotes-06-01-2019-week-18/
author: aden_76
description: 
post_id: 49421
created: 2019/01/06 20:50:46
created_gmt: 2019/01/06 20:50:46
comment_status: open
post_name: weeknotes-06-01-2019-week-18
status: publish
post_type: post

# Weeknotes 06/01/2019 - Week 18

New Years Eve was delayed at the start of this week due to my wife working a double shift at the hospital and not being free to party until 3.30pm on New Years Day. I had to entertain my two boys all day on the 31st and most of the 1st. Dragged them into town on the train. A little bit of shopping with Xmas money. Quick trip to the Millennium Galleries and back again to return to computer game playing. 

New Years Day we went for a nice walk in Ladies Spring Wood, which starts off with a steep step climb and then a path at the top of a valley running parallel with the rail track and Beauchief Golf Course. We stumbled across a great rope swing which was a real hit but I was not brave enough to give it a try although I am sure it would have took my weight…maybe. Then I sneakily walked them to Millhouses Park with the idea of ending in the Waggon & Horses just in time to meet my returning from work wife. 

Once the kids were in bed we decided to celebrate Fake New Years Eve by Drinking booze, sat on the sofa and watching TV. Including Hootenany out of sync. Wife fell asleep before 12. Party time. Maybe we should just delay it until December 31st. 

Two days back at work were quite productive ones. Got a few things lined up for next week around goals and priorities for the year. My amazing squad managed to get something live with a few more things ready to go live next week. Great start to the year and hopefully we can clear the decks of some big projects to free up space for a lot more customer facing change. 

Decided to do Dry January. For a few reasons. Skint. Still fat. Good discipline. Also should help focus me on running a bit more. Not run since Xmas Eve. Was a bit under the weather this week so did not run into work either. Did a Kettle Bell workout today though which was a little bit of a boost. Running to work tomorrow to get half marathon training back on track. Aim is to do at least a 13k run by the end of this month. 16k by end of Feb. 19k by end of March. 

Watched the fantastic Paul Heaton documentary. So many hits. Such an interesting and slightly controlling bloke. 

Also finished Season 1 of Queen of the South. Got better towards the end but still lightweight and basic compared to the likes of Narcos or The Wire. 

Getting back to readin slowly after the Mik Herron splurge. Started reading Change Agent Daniel Suarez which has yet to grip me but I have not given it enough attention yet. 

I wanted these weeknotes to spur me on to writing other things to. The habit/Sunday evening phone reminder has worked for these but not managed to write anything else. Not there yet. Hoping to get some inspiration for Phil Gyford. 

> 'I’m trying to break free from the routine of weeknotes while still keeping blogging. The self-imposed obligation to post something every Sunday was sometimes a little chore, and sometimes there just wasn’t much to say. Other times, bits of a weeknotes post felt like they should be posts in their own right.'
> 
> [Phil Gyford](https://www.gyford.com/phil/writing/2018/12/17/some-movies/)

https://www.gyford.com/phil/writing/2018/12/17/some-movies/ 

He seems to have managed it but then he is more interesting and erudite than I. Then again it is not like anyone else is reading these so I should just publish them FFS. Be bolder in 2019 or something like that.